everyone Anthony life training and
retail manager of luggage today we are
going to make a Christmas slope this is
what we are going to use we have a 12
base year to a foundation the new
addition lipstick the new limited for
collection I palette and eyeliner Russia
our famous sliding back and together we
have this color pencil
so we're going to start off with the
base
this base is going to be for a shimmer
effect
so this is the finished Facebook now I'm
going to put on the foundation I'm going
to use natural page number 21
why because she's very fat and this
condom would go on just nice cover as it
will disappear once I put it on and a
color really suits her and it's gonna
look very natural so start off this
forehead you just need to apply a little
all right so now we're going to conceal
that circle if there's any all I need to
do is use a concealer brush
it's a little bit of concealer first and
that should be the amount nothing more
nothing less
so when you apply your concealer another
eye all you need to do is just step on
it and don't drag it
just talk on the spot
it slowly death on
until
you can't see that Manish
now the final touch will be the powder
to set the makeup I'm using snotty hack
movie
see she is software everything to use
number two and this UV starting track is
going to make foundation last longer as
it it helps to resolve assessing from
your other some sweating her it helps to
moisturize your skin or some even help
to be right single spoon since you being
a party so this would be best because it
helps to make your foundation look good
and stay on longer you can use a brush
instead of a path for a more soft and
neck
you don't have to use a lot just a
little bit